AOD v1.7
Review supabase_blueprint.json and supabase_policies.json.

Separate user first name and last name.

Make users enter their new passwords twice when signing up. New users can enter an athlete id.

Add a persistent user account setting button in the options menu. Add an option to delete account (add a popup with checkbox to confrim). If a user is a team owner, block the delete. Notify user to transfer ownership or delete team. All other coaches must be removed from the team before that team may be deleted.

In account settings, allow the user to edit their name, default nickname (optional; coaches can change it locally to their respective rosters), and email. 




Make it so each user is limited to owning 5 teams.

In team creation, make it so when users type in a sport, suggestions are given and are tied to a sport id. This is to link teams of the same sport in the future when this application manages matches and games.

The current public.teams table has 3 teams and only Badminton and Track/Field as teams; create a list of all high school sports. If a good option, add a table with all sports and a sport id. Or however this can be best optimized.

Maintain the edit team option in the options menu throughout the team flow. 



Change student email to ask for athlete email. And athlete id rather than student ID. Create a new, optional field for parent/guardian email when adding a player.
The goal is to make this program universal. 

Split the new player form into 2 pages.
When adding a player, first ask for athlete email. Once email is submitted, check for existing user. If user exists, populate the second page with first name, last name, and athlete ID.
Add athlete grade (optional; all grades automatically increase by 1 on July 1 every year; grade is local only to the team and only managed by owner and coach).

Automatically link users to parent/guardian emails when both ends are created. A linked parent/guardian can see the same player view.



In add team member, add the following roles: Team Parent and Team Manager.





Identify and execute optimization and performance edits.

